Update Firefox 124 release notes for WebDriver conforming changes (#32666)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/124/index.md

#### WebDriver BiDi

> - Implemented the [storage.getCookies](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-storage-getCookies) command, which allows users to retrieve cookies. Users can optionally provide `partition` information to retrieve partitioned cookies, as well as `filter` options to only return cookies matching specific criterias. ([Firefox bug 1854580](https://bugzil.la/1854580))

Reviewer: I think saying here `partitioned cookies` might be a bit misleading, so maybe we say something "cookies from a certain partition" (or something similar to what we say for `storage.setCookie`)?

Reviewer 2: Do users actually know what a partition is? Maybe we should explain that as well?

Reviewer: I guess we could maybe link to mdn article about [State_Partitioning](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Privacy/State_Partitioning)?

Author: I tried to rephrase this section and added the suggested link. Does it look ok now?

Reviewer: Yes, thanks, looks great now!

> - Implemented the [storage.setCookie](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-storage-setCookie) command, which creates new cookies. Users can provide information about the cookie in the `cookie` parameter, and optionally a `partition` parameter to build the partition key of the partition which should own the cookie. ([Firefox bug 1854582](https://bugzil.la/1854582))

Reviewer 2: nit: This command adds a single cookie.
```suggestion
- Implemented the [storage.setCookie](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-storage-setCookie) command, which creates a new cookie. Users can provide information about the cookie in the `cookie` parameter, and optionally a `partition` parameter to build the partition key of the partition which should own the cookie. ([Firefox bug 1854582](https://bugzil.la/1854582))
```

Author: Done

  - [network.failRequest](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-network-failRequest) allows to cancel requests intercepted in the `BeforeRequestSent` or the `ResponseStarted` phases.([Firefox bug 1853883](https://bugzil.la/1853883))
  - [network.continueRequest](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-network-continueRequest), [network.continueResponse](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-network-continueResponse) and [network.provideResponse](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-network-provideResponse) are also available, but at the moment they only support the "request" argument and will only allow to resume a blocked request. In future releases, additional arguments will allow to modify the request and response. ([Firefox bug 1874206](https://bugzil.la/1874206) and [Firefox bug 1853882](https://bugzil.la/1853882))

> - Implemented several commands around "user contexts", implemented as containers in Firefox:

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can link to https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-use-firefox-containers?

Author: Done

  - [browser.removeUserContext](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-browser-removeUserContext) can be used to remove any non-default user context, by specifying its unique id. ([Firefox bug 1870849](https://bugzil.la/1870849))
  - [browser.getUserContexts](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-browser-getUserContexts) allows clients to retrieve the list of all available user contexts, including the default user context. ([Firefox bug 1870847](https://bugzil.la/1870847))
- Added support for the "userContext" argument to the [browsingContext.create](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-browsingContext-create) command, which allows to assign a new browsing context (tab or window) to a specific user context (Firefox container). ([Firefox bug 1874918](https://bugzil.la/1874918))
- Updated the [browsingContext.Info](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#type-browsingContext-Info) type to include the "userContext" field, which is the unique id of the user context owning the tab for this browsing context. ([Firefox bug 1874920](https://bugzil.la/1874920))

> - Added support for the "contexts" argument to the [script.addPreloadScript](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-script-addPreloadScript) command, this allows clients to add preload scripts only to specific browsing contexts. ([Firefox bug 1858458](https://bugzil.la/1858458))

Reviewer 2: I think that we should mention top-level browsing context here.
 Maybe something like the following?

```suggestion
- Added support for the "contexts" argument to the [script.addPreloadScript](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-script-addPreloadScript) command, this allows clients to add preload scripts only to specific browsing context trees (tabs) by specifying their top-level browsing context. ([Firefox bug 1858458](https://bugzil.la/1858458))
```

Author: Done

- Fixed a bug where [browsingContext.close](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-browsingContext-close) would not be able to close the last tab of a window. ([Firefox bug 1873948](https://bugzil.la/1873948))

#### Marionette

> - Fixed an issue with [Get Element Text](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver2/#get-element-text), which ignored the slot value for web component without custom text. ([Firefox bug 1865381](https://bugzil.la/1865381))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with [Get Element Text](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver/#dfn-get-element-text), which ignored the slot value of a web component when no custom text is specified. ([Firefox bug 1865381](https://bugzil.la/1865381))
```

Author: Done
